# hello-world
و mainفرع A new branch called feature (because we’re doing ‘feature work’ on this branch) The journey that feature takes before it’s merged into main فرع  Have you ever saved different versions of a file? Something like:  story.txt story-joe-edit.txt story-joe-edit-reviewed.txt Branches accomplish similar goals in GitHub repositories.  Here at GitHub, our developers, writers, and designers use branches for keeping bug fixes and feature work separate from our main (production) branch. When a change is ready, they merge their branch into main.  To create a new branch Go to your new repository hello-world. Click the drop down at the top of the file list that says branch: main. Type a branch name, readme-edits, into the new branch text box. Select the blue Create branch box or hit “Enter” on your keyboard. فرع gif  Now you have two branches, main and readme-edits. They look exactly the same, but not for long! Next we’ll add our changes to the new branch.   Step 3. Make and commit changes Bravo! Now, you’re on the code view for your readme-edits branch, which is a copy of main. Let’s make some edits.  On GitHub, saved changes are called commits. Each commit has an associated commit message, which is a description explaining why a particular change was made. Commit messages capture the history of your changes, so other contributors can understand what you’ve done and why.  Make and commit changes Click the README.md file. Click the  pencil icon in the upper right corner of the file view to edit. In the editor, write a bit about yourself. Write a commit message that describes your changes. Click Commit changes button. ارتكب  These changes will be made to just the README file on your readme-edits branch, so now this branch contains content that’s different from main.  Step 4. Open a Pull Request Nice edits! Now that you have changes in a branch off of main, you can
